---
tags: [meeting-notes]
---
# 2022-10-12 Conda Community Meeting

* [Meeting link](https://zoom.us/j/9138593505?pwd=SWh3dE1IK05LV01Qa0FJZ1ZpMzJLZz09)
* [What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2022-10-12/17:00/b/Conda%20community%20meeting)

## Attendees

| Name                     | Initials | Affiliation    | GH Username        |
| -------------------------| -------- | -------------- | ------------------ |
| Dave Clements            | DPC      | Anaconda       | tnabtaf            |
| Filipe Fernandes         | FF       | conda-forge    | ocefpaf            |
| Cheng H. Lee             | CHL      | Anaconda/c-f   | chenghlee          |
| Katherine Kinnaman       | KK       | Anaconda       | kathatherine       |
| Jannis Leidel            | JL       | Anaconda/cf    | jezdez             |
| Jaime Rodríguez-Guerra   | JRG      | Quansight/cf   | jaimergp           |
| Daniel Holth             | DH       | Anaconda       | dholth             |
| Bianca Henderson         | BH       | Anaconda       | beeankha           |
| John Kirkham             | JK       | NVIDIA/cf      | jakirkham          |

12 people total

## Introductions


## Announcements

* [x] (DPC) [Conda Community Forum launched](https://conda.discourse.group)
    * Encourage people with longer and frequently asked questions to post them on the forum.
* [x] (JL) Votes passed
    * [x] [CEP 9: Conda Deprecation Schedule](https://github.com/conda-incubator/ceps/blob/main/cep-9.md)
        * Companion to [CEP-8: Conda Release Schedule](https://github.com/conda-incubator/ceps/blob/main/cep-8.md)
    * [x] [conda-index](https://github.com/conda/conda-index) (formerly part of conda-build, much improved) graduated to conda organization
    * [x] [conda-package-streaming](https://github.com/conda/conda-package-streaming) (new-style package access to be used as a conda-build dependency) graduated to conda organization

## New Agenda Items

* [x] (JRG) Enabling CoC moderators in `conda-incubator`
* [x] (JL) Upcoming vote on [CEP 10](https://github.com/conda-incubator/ceps/pull/20): Incremental Updates for repodata.json using JSON Patch files (feedback still welcome!)
* [x] (JL) Current State of [CEPs](https://github.com/conda-incubator/ceps)
    * (CHL) We should various CEPs to a draft state or just close them.
    * (JL) Should we have a team to help shepard CEPs through the process?
    * (CHL) Should we graduate the CEPs repo?
        * Originally moved to conda-incubator because of seat limitations in `conda`
        * Will need to figure out permissions in `conda` org before we can move, or steering council members may not have the appropriate permissions
        * Same limitations apply to `governance` repo
* [x] (JL) Call for participation on building conda.org


## What is this meeting for?

Various parts of the conda community gather on a regular basis.  This meeting brings together all of these sub-communities for a community wide call.
