---
tags: [meeting-notes]
---
# 2023-02-15 Conda Community Meeting

* [Meeting link](https://zoom.us/j/9138593505?pwd=SWh3dE1IK05LV01Qa0FJZ1ZpMzJLZz09)
* [What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2023-02-15/17:00/b/Conda%20community%20meeting)

## Attendees

| Name                     | Initials | Affiliation    | GH Username        |
| -------------------------| -------- | -------------- | ------------------ |
| Jannis Leidel            | JL       | Anaconda/cf    | jezdez             |
| Travis Hathaway          | TH       | Anaconda       | travishathaway     |
| Dave Clements            | DPC      | Anaconda       | tnabtaf            |
| Bianca Henderson         | BH       | Anaconda       | beeankha           |
| Jaime Rodr√≠guez-Guerra   | JRG      | Quansight/cf   | jaimergp           |
| Daniel Holth             | DH       | Anaconda       | dholth             |
| Wolf Vollprecht          | WV       | prefix.dev     | wolfv              |
| Matthew R Becker         | MRB      | cf             | beckermr           |
| Eric Dill                | EDD      | Anaconda       | ericdill           |
| Marius van Niekerk       | MvN      | Voltrondata/cf | mariusvniekerk     |                    |
| Deepesha Burse           | DB       | N/A            | deepeshaburse      |
| Asmit Malakannawar       | AM       | N/A            | Asmit2952          |

16 people total


## Introductions

- [ ]

## Announcements

- [x] (JL) New incubator project: installer
    - [ ] Result of a longer discussion at Anaconda about alignment between various internal teams and related community efforts, related to miniconda and other installers
    - [ ] Repo to contain tools and scripts to make it easy to maintain installers, derived from miniconda efforts, possibly miniforge (?)
    - [ ] Major props to the constructor team!
    - [ ] [Team charter draft](https://github.com/conda-incubator/installer/blob/b62841133d00e6f3a9b04964c17154ed85e14adb/CHARTER.md) ([PR](https://github.com/conda-incubator/installer/pull/1 ))
    - DPC asked for clarification about constructor vs installer team
        - constructor is foundational software that multiple installers are built on.

## New Agenda Items

- [x] (JL) New subteam proposal: Technical Review Board
    - Proposal: https://github.com/conda-incubator/governance/issues/87
    - **Vote ends on 2023-02-22**, End of Day, [Anywhere on Earth](https://time.is/Anywhere_on_Earth) (AoE).
    - Discussion about membership limits
    - Proposal has the TRB as a recommendation group
        - is there motivation to be on it, if there is no voting power?
        - TRB has added authority.
    - Is TRB redundant with the dev teams?
    - Could it be an expertise aggregator?
    - lots of discussion about work and responsibility
- [x] (DPC) Not participating in the upcoming Outreachy cohort.
- [x] (DPC) Any feedback on Slack/Gitter to Matrix migration?
  - (JRG): What's the closest equivalent to the General channel in Matrix? 
  - JRG will create somethin / recommemnd something.
- [x] (JL) conda booth at PyCon US?
    - DPC: Yes!
    - And will find list of interested people.
    - Application is due Feb 24.
- [ ] 
- [ ] 


## What is this meeting for?

Various parts of the conda community gather on a regular basis. This meeting brings together all of these sub-communities for a community wide call.

