---
tags: [meeting-notes]
---
# 2023-03-15 Conda Community Meeting 

[Zoom link](https://zoom.us/j/9138593505) · [What time is the meeting in my time zone](https://dateful.com/convert/utc?t=5pm)

Various parts of the conda community gather on a regular basis. This meeting brings together all of these sub-communities for a community wide call.

## Attendees

| Name                   | Initials | Affiliation  | GH Username      |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ------------ | ---------------- |
| Ken Odegard            | KO       | Anaconda     | kenodegard       |
| Travis Hathaway        | TH       | Anaconda     | travishathaway   |
| Jaime Rodríguez-Guerra | JRG      | Quansight/cf | jaimergp         |
| Filipe Fernandes       | FF       | conda-forge  | ocefpaf          |
| Katherine Abrikian     | KA       | Anaconda     | kalawac          |
| Cheng H. Lee           | CHL      | Anaconda/cf  | chenghlee        |
| Bianca Henderson       | BH       | Anaconda     | beeankha         |
| Dave Clements          | DPC      | Anaconda     | tnabtaf          |
| Katherine Kinnaman     | KK       | Anaconda     | kathatherine     |
| Jesse Wiles            | JW       | Anaconda     | jessewiles       |
| Wolf Vollprecht        | WV       | prefix.dev   | wolfv            |
|                        |          |              | jakirkham        |

12 people in total

## Introductions

- [x] Jesse Wiles (Anaconda): anaconda.org developer

## Announcements

- [x] (KO) Conda 23.3.0 and conda-build 3.24.0 releases are in progress
    - https://github.com/conda/conda/issues/12458
    - https://github.com/conda/conda-build/issues/4795
    - Expecting to tag & release conda later today, will likely show up on defaults & conda-forge next week
    - conda-build is temporarily on hold since Jannis is out but will likely also become available next week


## New Agenda Items

- [x] (JRG) GSoD 2023 submission for conda.org content
    - Looking for volunteers to mentor, PR review, etc.
    - Submitting Mar 24
- [x] (DPC) [Conda @ PyCon US 2023](https://conda.discourse.group/t/conda-pycon-us-2023/222)
    - No community booth, but...
    - Sprint for first two days! Other packaging groups rumored to be there for all four days.
    - [Open Spaces](https://us.pycon.org/2023/events/open-spaces/)
        - Plugins
    - [Python Packaging Summit](https://us.pycon.org/2023/events/packaging-summit/)
        - Register by April 1
    - Join us on the [Conda PyCon US 2023 Matrix channel](https://app.element.io/#/room/#conda-pycon-us-2023:matrix.org)
- [x] (TH) PyCon DE
    - Anyone else here going?
      - JRG: Me! Wolf as well
    - I'll be talking about plugins and mentioning conda in my talk (https://pretalx.com/pyconde-pydata-berlin-2023/talk/RDQH3W/)
- [x] (JRG) [OpenID Connect](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/about-security-hardening-with-openid-connect) support in Anaconda.org? 
    - Would simplify management of large community channels (conda-forge, bioconda).
    - Would it posisble to have different authn mechanisms in anaconda.org?
        - On the roadmap to implement SSO across all Anaconda services

- [ ] ( )
- [ ] ( )
- [ ] ( )

